Afghanistan says it wants to take full
responsibility for its own security in
four years time President Hamid Karzai's
deadline was announced at a high level
international conference in Kabul where
70 nations and organizations are
discussing the struggling country's
future Natalia Novikova is there power
is being shifted over to the Afghan
forces the plan that was set for that
during the last conference on
Afghanistan which took place in London
earlier this year is now being
implemented and today here
representatives from over 70 countries
are making sure that everything is going
by the plan of course other issues such
as drug trafficking improving standards
of living here in Afghanistan as well as
state regulations and human rights
issues are also being discussed and it
looks like Russia is increasing its
involvement in helping the country in
all those fears Russia here is
represented by the country's Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov we're committed
to supporting you and efforts on
stabilizing Afghanistan we will continue
to allow transitive international cargo
and personnel to Afghanistan through our
territory we're working on additional
measures to equip Afghan forces together
with our partners we're also helping
restore the Afghan economy this year
Russia wrote off the remainder of ganna
stands death 891 million u.s. dollars we
will continue to provide humanitarian
assistance well also recently Russia has
said it's willing to sell over 20 mi-17
helicopters to NATO meant for the Afghan
army now those helicopters were designed
especially to fly over the mountain so
as the country's chief of staff has said
himself they would be perfect for the
Afghan army Russia has also said that
it's willing to give some of them for
free in order to help the country in
each of them costs from between 13 and
15 million u.s. dollars and that of
course will also be very much needed
here in Afghanistan once NATO troops
start leaving the country out of 100,000
people that died because of drugs coming
from Afghanistan
annually more than a third of them dies
in Russia and together with the the EU
Russia consumes about fifty percent of
drugs coming from Afghanistan so for
Russia of course it is a big issue
during this conference and of course
what he is also willing to cooperate
with partners from the West in order to
tackle this problem RT zanta Novikova
reporting from the Afghan capital there
well one Afghan member of parliament
told RT that the first thing the West
needs to scale back on is the help it's
giving to heroin production I think it's
true that Afghanistan produces a lot of
opium but when you talk about heroin at
the Internet community forgets the fact
that the in order to turn opium to
heroin you require chemical precursors
that come from huge pharmaceutical
companies from Europe and Far East and
other countries so didn't never talk
about that there there's enough money
made in bringing precursors to this
country to turn our puppies into heroin
and if you don't attack that angle of
this problem just producing opium for a
farmer who wants to buy a plastic pair
of shoes for his son once a year is not
going to solve the problem in this
country for example 9,000 tons of opium
last year in Afghanistan required 13,000
pounds of chemical tons of chemical
recursos that came from major
pharmaceutical producers in the world
Afghans are producing it to survive and
I'm not condoning it we should stop
producing it but also the consumption I
should stop and also the the import of
precursors should also be stemmed in my
opinion money laundering and banks and
all those issues should be dealt with
seriously